Welcome to Cheque-it-Out. The brand new app for chequing out cheques!

This app is developed in rails and bootstrap, hosted on heroku and uses bcarrere's currency-in-words gem to get the cheque amounts properly converted into words. 

To use the site you can use the navbar to go to the cheque list page where you can then view all your cheques, edit/delete/create cheques and view only cheques by sender or recipient (or both).

A cheque is created with just a name for the drawer (sender) and a name for the payee (recipient) as well as the monetary amount. For the date I was considering having a datetime field where the user can choose their own date with it set to today's date by default but for simplicity I decided that the date of the cheque would automatically be the date the cheque form is submitted.

Again to simplify I decided to use a gem for converting a number to a currency string output. I considered trying to do this conversion myself by perhaps converting the decimal amount to a string and then create a word based on each element character e.g. '1' = 'one'. Then by counting the length of the string I can determine by position in the string if this '1' is something like one thousand, one hundred or just.. one. But to avoid a whole lot of if and case statements I went the easy way out.

The site isn't fully responsive and I'm not all that good with CSS layouts so the text on the cheque show page may be a bit off but if your screen size is large enough it should hopefully work. There is a text-only version of the cheque at the bottom of the page just in case it doesn't.

